>> Jen Kramer There are a ton of useful
tools that you'll discover here at
Frontend Masters for building websites.
But one of the most common tools that
are used all the time is this tool
here called CodePen.
And this is at codepen.io.
CodePen is a way of writing little
snips of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and
seeing them demonstrate right here,
all in one Web browser screen, without
having to worry about all the different
files, and folders, and structures and
so forth, that you otherwise would
have to do with Sublime Text.
It's really great for
demonstrating a little piece of code or
testing out a theory.
That's what a lot of people
are using CodePen for.
So what I'd like for you to do is, I'd
like you to go on ahead and sign up for
a CodePen account.
Over here in the upper right hand corner,
just click on the Sign Up button.
You can sign in with any of your social
media, or you can sign up with email.
Go on ahead and sign up for an account.
If you already have an account,
go on ahead and sign in.
So I'm gonna go ahead and log in to mine.
>> Jen Kramer And in here,
this is going to give you some examples
of bits of code that
people have written here.
And these are called pens,
that's what this pen thing is.
These are all things you
are more than welcome to explore.
But you can also create your own code pen.
All you have to here is hit the Create
button, and then click New Pen.
And this will give you a blank document,
where you can start to write you own HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript.
Now obviously, we're not there yet.
We're not ready to start
writing our own code.
But a lot of people will start in this
world by copying somebody else's code.
This is a process called forking.
And so we're gonna take somebody else's
code, and we're gonna make a fork.
In other words, if we think
about it going along on a path,
we're gonna take a copy of it over here,
fork it off that development path and
do something different to it.
So the forking is a good term to know.
So I'd like you to get some
practice with that also.
What we're gonna do is open up
a new tab in your Web browser.
And we're going to go to bit, bit.ly/fem,
as in Frontend Masters, example.
All one word, femexample, and hit Return.
And here is those particles again,
right here inside of CodePen.
So I've gone ahead and
created this for you.
If you wanted to take a copy of
what I did here with the particles,
it would be pretty easy to do.
All you need to do is up here on the top,
look for
the button where it says Fork,
and go ahead and click that.
And that will make a new copy of
this particular file just for you.
So now you can start
to make changes to it.
So for example,
over here in the JavaScript,
we could just start changing some
of these numbers that you see here.
If you scroll down here to,
>> Jen Kramer Scroll
down here to where it says size,
we're around line 40.
And you'll see here that I have
a value of the size of 30.
Just go ahead and change that number.
If we changed it, say to 20, you'll
see that my little dots get smaller.
If I changed it to 200,
they get to be a ridiculous size.
So this is a fun way to take a look at
code and make some changes to it, and
see what happens.
You can then save those changes
just by clicking the Save button.
You can give this a new name if you wish.
Over here on the side, click on the Edit
button and give this a new name.
My first fork, and then go on ahead and
click the Save button.
And now you'll have a copy of this all for
yourself.
You can go ahead and
continue to make changes to it.
Or you can make another fork off of it,
and
do something completely different with it.
So that's the whole purpose of CodePen,
to share little bits of HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript, share it with other people.
Take a fork from what other people
have done, where you can make
your own changes to it, and then share
that with the rest of the world.